TERMS.md, before:

## Disclaimer

This repository is a scientific product and is not official communication of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, or the United States Department of Commerce. All NOAA GitHub project code is provided on an 'as is' basis and the user assumes responsibility for its use. Any claims against the Department of Commerce or Department of Commerce bureaus stemming from the use of this GitHub project will be governed by all applicable Federal law. Any reference to specific commercial products, processes, or services by service mark, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply their endorsement, recommendation or favoring by the Department of Commerce. The Department of Commerce seal and logo, or the seal and logo of a DOC bureau, shall not be used in any manner to imply endorsement of any commercial product or activity by DOC or the United States Government.

[NOAA GitHub Policy](https://github.com/NOAAGov/Information)

### Other Information

Unless expressly stated otherwise, the person who associated a work with
this deed makes no warranties about the work, and disclaims liability for
all uses of the work, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.
When using or citing the work, you should not imply endorsement by the
author or the affirmer.

## Exceptions

_Source code or other assets that are excluded from the TERMS should be listed
here. These may include dependencies that may be licensed differently or are
not in the public domain._

Commit message:

switching to public publish model

TERMS.md, after:

## Disclaimer

This repository is a scientific product and is not official communication of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, or the United States Department of Commerce. All NOAA GitHub project code is provided on an 'as is' basis and the user assumes responsibility for its use. Any claims against the Department of Commerce or Department of Commerce bureaus stemming from the use of this GitHub project will be governed by all applicable Federal law. Any reference to specific commercial products, processes, or services by service mark, trademark, manufacturer, or otherwise, does not constitute or imply their endorsement, recommendation or favoring by the Department of Commerce. The Department of Commerce seal and logo, or the seal and logo of a DOC bureau, shall not be used in any manner to imply endorsement of any commercial product or activity by DOC or the United States Government.

These data are preliminary or provisional and are subject to revision. They are being provided to meet the need for timely best science. The data have not received final approval by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) or the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) and are provided on the condition that neither NOAA, the USGS, nor the U.S. Government shall be held liable for any damages resulting from the authorized or unauthorized use of the data.

[NOAA GitHub Policy](https://github.com/NOAAGov/Information)

### Other Information

Unless expressly stated otherwise, the person who associated a work with this deed makes no warranties about the work, and disclaims liability for all uses of the work, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. When using or citing the work, you should not imply endorsement by the author or the affirmer.
